Python Sol for Hamiltonian Flights in DP Bitmasks Module (#4947)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: content/4_Gold/DP_Bitmasks.mdx

```

</CPPSection>
<PySection>

<Warning>

> Due to Python's large constant factor, the same C++ solution that is accepted TLEs in Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to Python's large constant factor, the below solution TLEs on a couple test cases.
```

Reviewer 2: i think the solution below doesn't tle, but is a little different than the c++ ver.

</Warning>

```py
import sys

input = sys.stdin.readline

MOD = 10**9 + 7

n, m = map(int, input().strip().split())

> dp = [[0 for _ in range(n)] for _ in range(1 << n)]  # Cities indexed from 0 to n-1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dp = [[0 for _ in range(n)] for _ in range(1 << n)]
```

dp[1][0] = 1

adj = [[] for _ in range(n)]

> for i in range(m):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
for _ in range(m):
```

	a, b = map(int, input().strip().split())
	adj[b - 1].append(a - 1)

for cities in range(1, 1 << n):
	# only consider cities that include the first city

> 	if cities & 1:

Reviewer: uh to reduce indentation you can invert the condition & use a continue

		# only consider subsets with the last city if it's the full subset
		if cities & (1 << n - 1) and cities != (1 << n) - 1:
			continue

> 		# loop through possible ending cities

Reviewer: wait this is just tsp right

Author: Yep

```

</CPPSection>
<PySection>

<Warning>

Due to Python's large constant factor, the solution below TLEs on a couple of test cases.

</Warning>

```py
import sys

input = sys.stdin.readline

MOD = 10**9 + 7

n, m = map(int, input().strip().split())
dp = [[0 for _ in range(n)] for _ in range(1 << n)]
dp[1][0] = 1

adj = [[] for _ in range(n)]

for _ in range(m):
	a, b = map(int, input().strip().split())
	adj[b - 1].append(a - 1)

for cities in range(1, 1 << n):
	# only consider cities that include the first city
	if not (cities & 1):
		continue

	# only consider subsets with the last city if it's the full subset
	if cities & (1 << n - 1) and cities != (1 << n) - 1:
		continue

	# loop through possible ending cities
	for end in range(1, n):

> 		if cities & (1 << end):

Reviewer: could you do the same condition invertion here

Author: Got it, I will also do the same on another similar line below that too
